chore(storage): add developer preview upgrade instruction to README (#2377)
aws-amplify/amplify-flutter: packages/storage/amplify_storage_s3/README.md

## Getting Started

### Visit our [Web Site](https://docs.amplify.aws/) to learn more about AWS Amplify.

## Upgrade from Stable Version

> All Storage S3 plugin APIs now return an operation object rather than the result object. The operation object contains a `Future` of the result. And the result object contains more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Storage S3 plugin APIs now return an operation object rather than the result object. The operation object provides more control over the in-flight request, such as cancellation, pause, and resume capabilities (varies by API). The result `Future` can be retrieved via the `.result` property.
```
